good morning Christina good morning
Jason are you reporting in for your BH
nice you did let's give you another
opportunity
good morning Christina good morning
Jason
oh very good I'd rather release and then
drop the food okay and what are you
doing right now you're wasting time
you're wasting energy nicely done yeah
there you go
good morning Christina good morning
Jason Tigers checking in for me good now
I look forward and say that
good morning Christina morning Jason
Berger and I are checking in for our PA
good now I put your left hand what's
going to be when you're when you're
reporting in you could still have lesion
your right there you go now you can
still follow through but you're showing
the body language that you're going to
do good morning good morning
[Music]
you want em to be fast you got to be
fast yes yes dead prey active great food
good
but you shouldn't push it out you should
jump back and present it's kind of hard
with a little mini bug though